Migrate Quanta/DEM documentation (#4629)
centreon/centreon-documentation: dem/installation/servers/add-advanced-metrics.md

---
id: add-advanced-metrics
title: Add Advanced Metrics
---

The DEM agent includes modules (or application agents) that allow you to collect system data from various components of your infrastructure, such as Apache, MySQL, Redis, Varnish, PostgreSQL, and more.

> These application agents must be installed **after** installing the system agent. [Refer to the dedicated page to install the agent](./install-system-agents.md)

## Apache

1. Install the package.

*On Debian*

    ```bash
    apt-get install quanta-agent-apache
    ```

    *On CentOS*

    ```bash
    yum install quanta-agent-apache
    ```

2. Verify that the status module (*mod_status* of Apache) is correctly configured on your server with the following command:

    ```
    curl http://127.0.0.1/server-status
    ```

> 3. If not, you will need to enable the **mod_status** module in Apache: [https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_status.html](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_status.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If not, you will need to [enable the **mod_status** module in Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/en/mod/mod_status.htmll)
```
